.TH MYIP 1 "January 2020" "MyIP 1.0" "IP Discovery For You & Me"
.SH NAME
myip \- an IP discovery utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SS Common Usage
.PP
.RS +4
\fBmyip\fR [\fB-f\fR \fIFILE\fR] [\fB-hb\fR] [\fB-c\fR \fIARGS...\fR]
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBmyip\fR command allows you to query common network information in simple
easy to use syntax. The information printed corresponds with the default
network service on your machine, typically Wi-Fi.
.sp
.SH OPTIONS
Options start with one or two dashes. None of the options require an
additional value next to them. Multiple options can be selected. The
information printed will be in the same order as the provided options.
.IP "--public"
Print the public IP address shared by all devices within the network
.IP "--private"
Print the private IP address of the default network service
.IP "-b, --broadcast"
Print the broadcast address for the local network, which is derived by taking the
bitwise OR of the network address and the wildcard mask
.IP "-c, --cidr"
Print network addresses using CIDR notation
.IP "-g, --gateway"
Print the IP address of the gateway (typically the router)
.IP "-m, --mac"
Print the MAC address of the default network service
.IP "-n, --network"
Print the network address (in CIDR notation), which is derived by taking the
bitwise AND of the public IP address and the subnet mask.
.IP "-s, --subnet"
Print the subnet mask used to divide the network and host address
.IP "-w, --wildcard"
Print the wildcard mask, which is the bitwise NOT of the subnet mask
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020 Splay Tree Capital, Inc.
.sp 1
.na
License GNU GPL 3+ <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
.sp 0
.ad
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.sp 0
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR networksetup (8),
.BR ifconfig (8),
.BR ipconfig (8),
.BR ip (4),
.PP
